es2016plus/build/0/out.js: exponentiation (**) operator: basic support
es2016plus/build/1/out.js: exponentiation (**) operator: assignment
es2016plus/build/3/out.js: Array.prototype.includes: Array.prototype.includes
es2016plus/build/8/out.js: strict fn w/ non-strict non-simple params is error
es2016plus/build/9/out.js: nested rest destructuring, declarations
es2016plus/build/10/out.js: nested rest destructuring, parameters
es2016plus/build/13/out.js: Object static methods: Object.values
es2016plus/build/14/out.js: Object static methods: Object.entries
es2016plus/build/15/out.js: Object static methods: Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors
es2016plus/build/17/out.js: String padding: String.prototype.padStart
es2016plus/build/18/out.js: String padding: String.prototype.padEnd
es2016plus/build/19/out.js: trailing commas in function syntax: in parameter lists
es2016plus/build/20/out.js: trailing commas in function syntax: in argument lists
es2016plus/build/23/out.js: async functions: no line break between async and function
es2016plus/build/27/out.js: async functions: must await a value
es2016plus/build/29/out.js: async functions: cannot await in parameters
es2016plus/build/55/out.js: arguments.caller removed
es2016plus/build/56/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __defineGetter__
es2016plus/build/59/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __defineSetter__
es2016plus/build/62/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __lookupGetter__
es2016plus/build/63/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __lookupGetter__, prototype chain
es2016plus/build/67/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __lookupSetter__
es2016plus/build/68/out.js: Object.prototype getter/setter methods: __lookupSetter__, prototype chain
